Done: Change article to journal in column "document type paper"
Done: change node "article" to paper
Done: rename conference paper to proceeding
Done: Create dummy data
TODO: processing -> strip year out of source_title to make consistent source nodes. MAYBE NO -> into new column called conference year. @ismail -> Need some help to get the syntax write on this one.
Done: change column headings "article"/"paper"
TODO: remove self-citing papers in chances function.
TODO: add all modifications to csv as code. Some columns for certain rows have slipped due to a missed comma or change.
Done: Anna -> how to make use of communities in queries once found? (email sent)
Done: Anna -> publishing year as own node between proceedings and journals?
Done: Question -> can a paper get published in conference AND journal?
Done: ADAM - stripping whitespace from authors
Done: ADAM - Add index keywords nodes + edges
Done: ADAM - TOP PRIORITY: Finish dummy proceedings for Ismail
Done: ADAM - Add journal, proceeding, "other" to main script -> Go from tree trunk to leaf, start by matching on Proceeding/Journal than MATCH on paper. MATCH(p:row.doc_type)
Done: cleaned up initialize file with local connection to push out processed csv
Done: ISMAIL - Continue working on TOP 3 papers
TODO: change article_no to paper_no
Done: ADAM - document_type query is no longer cycling through all document types? There seems to be some leftover. Not sure why.
Done: use pre-processing on full data set
Done: run initialization on full data set
Done: create dummy reviewer list + reviewer group to initial data set
Done: Create evolution dummy data
Done: Update initial load with review groups needed for evolution
Done: ADAM - initialize evolution data. Use new method to pass multiple array parameters in at the same time.
Done: ADAM - Add author affiliation cypher query
Done: ADAM - Add author affiliation in pre-process data
TODO: Update Architecture design with current model
TODO: Explore data using Algorithm
TODO: ADAM - complete Algoirthm 2, page rank
TODO: Complete Recommender work -> generate communities
TODO: Check why there are so many authors with missing affiliations after evolution. Is it a trim() issue?


--- Ismail Section
TODO
Next, we want to identify the top papers of these conferences/journals. We need to
find the papers with the highest page rank provided the number of citations from the
papers of the same community (papers in the conferences/journals of the database
community). As a result we would obtain (highlight), say, the top-100 papers of the
conferences of the database community.

For this part we've just used citations that were made by the papers of the same community.